==Preview==
<p>By day, you`re a researcher on Jupiter`s moon Europa. In your free time you re-program the rovers to race around the hallways, battle it out with mini lasers and rocket launchers, and find their way through mazes. It`s all in a day`s work.</p>

==Text==
<p><strong>About the Game</strong></p>
<p>MindRover is &laquo;the Intelligent Robot Simulation&raquo; or perhaps you can call it a 3D strategy/programming game. This is a new genre that encompasses the depth of play found in strategy games with a new concept in player control.</p>
<p>You get to program the intelligence of robotic vehicles. You are a researcher on Europa, a moon of Jupiter. In your free time you re-program the rovers to race around the hallways, battle it out with mini lasers and rocket launchers, and find their way through mazes. Once you have chosen a challenge, equip your vehicle (hovercraft, wheeled or treaded) with various sensors, movement components, and weapons. Then program the behavior of your vehicle in a graphical interface where you wire the components together and set their properties. Then let it go in the arena and watch how it does! You can stop the competition and tweak your vehicle at any time until you really like what it does!</p>
<p>The competitions take place in a 3D world in and around the space station.</p>
<hr />
<p><strong>General information</strong></p>
<table border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Age rating<br /></td>
<td>0+</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the dvd-box</td>
<td>English</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the manual</td>
<td>English<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the game</td>
<td>English</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Demoversion</td>
<td><a href="http://demos.fun4tux.ch/mindrover/">Demo for MindRover</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Updates</td>
<td><a href="http://updates.fun4tux.ch/mindrover/">Updates for MindRover</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Condition</td>
<td>Brand new</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Content</td>
<td>CD-Rom and manual in a DVD box</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p></p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements<br /></strong></p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="5" cellpadding="5">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Processor<br /></td>
<td>200 MHz x86 Prozessor<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Graphics Card<br /></td>
<td>3D accelerated graphics card with 8 MB video memory<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Memory</td>
<td>64 MB</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Disc Space<br /></td>
<td>100 MB</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Sound Card</td>
<td>OSS compatible</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Optical Drive</td>
<td>4 x CD Rom<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Operating System<br /></td>
<td>
<p>GNU/Linux x86 system (x64/amd64 systems through 32 bit emulation layer only), 2.2.x or better Linux kernel with glibc-2.1 or later and X-Windows (XFree86 3.3.5 or later)</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
